README.md, before:

# Smart feature toggles

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/dipunm/smart-feature-toggles.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/dipunm/smart-feature-toggles)

## Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Defining toggles](#defining-toggles)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)

## Installation

```bash
npm install smart-feature-toggles
```

## Defining toggles

- A feature toggle may only be `active` or `inactive`.
- Feature toggles can be scoped (eg. to a http request, or to an
  application context).
- A feature toggle _should not_ change value between calls\*.
- A feature toggle cannot be given arguments when being queried. All
  [dependencies](#dependencies) should be defined and ready before a toggle
  is queried.
- A feature toggle can be set up to alert developers when it is becoming
  old.

\*Smart feature toggles will cache the calculated value based on this
assumption, but the [auto reset feature](#auto-resets) exists to satisfy
more dynamic toggles.

## Usage

#### Require `smart-feature-toggles`:

```js
const FeatureToggles = require('smart-feature-toggles');
```

#### Set up alert handling: (see: [Housekeeping](#housekeeping))

```js
FeatureToggles.onHealthAlert((name, alert) => console.log(name, alert));
```

#### Name and configure your features:

```js
const features = [
  {
    name: 'my-feature',

    dependencies: ['request'],

    test: request => request.query.test_mode,

    health: () => {
      // If the toggle is getting old, return an alert
      if (new Date().getFullYear() > 2018) {
        return 'my-feature toggle is getting old!';
      }
    },
  },
];
```

#### Create your toggle client:

```js
const toggles = FeatureToggles.create(features);
```

#### Define your dependencies: (see: [Dependencies](#dependencies))

```js
const request = { query: { test_mode: true } };
toggles.defineDependency('request', request);
```

#### Use your feature toggle:

```js
if (toggles.get('my-feature')) { // true
    ...
}

// alternative syntax.
toggles.values['my-feature']; // true

// once evaluated, the toggle will
// always return it's original value
request.query.test_mode = false;
toggles.get('my-feature'); // true
```

#### Toggles _can_ be set up to auto update (see: [Auto Resets](#auto-resets))

# Features

### Scoping:

Read about [Scoping](docs/features/SCOPING.md)

### Housekeeping:

Read about [Housekeeping](docs/features/HOUSEKEEPING.md)

### Dependencies:

Read about [Dependencies](docs/features/DEPENDENCIES.md)

### Serialization:

Read about [Serialization](docs/features/SERIALIZATION.md)

### Auto Resets:

Read about [Auto Resets](docs/features/AUTO_RESETS.md)

# API

see the [API docs](#api). (coming soon)

Commit message:

Added badges for webpack bundle sizes
Also added a disclaimer about lite bundles when using webpack.

README.md, after:

# Smart feature toggles

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/dipunm/smart-feature-toggles.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/dipunm/smart-feature-toggles) ![Normal bundle size](http://img.badgesize.io/https://s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/smart-feature-toggles/bundle-web.js?label=client%20size) ![Normal bundle size](http://img.badgesize.io/https://s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/smart-feature-toggles/bundle-web.js?label=client%20size%20gzipped&compression=gzip)

_Client sizes are based on a webpack bundle using the lite version of the library. (See [Lite Client](#lite-client))_

## Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Defining toggles](#defining-toggles)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)

## Installation

```bash
npm install smart-feature-toggles
```

## Defining toggles

- A feature toggle may only be `active` or `inactive`.
- Feature toggles can be scoped (eg. to a http request, or to an
  application context).
- A feature toggle _should not_ change value between calls\*.
- A feature toggle cannot be given arguments when being queried. All
  [dependencies](#dependencies) should be defined and ready before a toggle
  is queried.
- A feature toggle can be set up to alert developers when it is becoming
  old.

\*Smart feature toggles will cache the calculated value based on this
assumption, but the [auto reset feature](#auto-resets) exists to satisfy
more dynamic toggles.

## Usage

#### Require `smart-feature-toggles`:

```js
const FeatureToggles = require('smart-feature-toggles');
```

#### Set up alert handling: (see: [Housekeeping](#housekeeping))

```js
FeatureToggles.onHealthAlert((name, alert) => console.log(name, alert));
```

#### Name and configure your features:

```js
const features = [
  {
    name: 'my-feature',

    dependencies: ['request'],

    test: request => request.query.test_mode,

    health: () => {
      // If the toggle is getting old, return an alert
      if (new Date().getFullYear() > 2018) {
        return 'my-feature toggle is getting old!';
      }
    },
  },
];
```

#### Create your toggle client:

```js
const toggles = FeatureToggles.create(features);
```

#### Define your dependencies: (see: [Dependencies](#dependencies))

```js
const request = { query: { test_mode: true } };
toggles.defineDependency('request', request);
```

#### Use your feature toggle:

```js
if (toggles.get('my-feature')) { // true
    ...
}

// alternative syntax.
toggles.values['my-feature']; // true

// once evaluated, the toggle will
// always return it's original value
request.query.test_mode = false;
toggles.get('my-feature'); // true
```

#### Toggles _can_ be set up to auto update (see: [Auto Resets](#auto-resets))

# Features

### Scoping:

Read about [Scoping](docs/features/SCOPING.md)

### Housekeeping:

Read about [Housekeeping](docs/features/HOUSEKEEPING.md)

### Dependencies:

Read about [Dependencies](docs/features/DEPENDENCIES.md)

### Serialization:

Read about [Serialization](docs/features/SERIALIZATION.md)

### Auto Resets:

Read about [Auto Resets](docs/features/AUTO_RESETS.md)

### Lite Client:

By default, webpack bundles for the web will include a light version of this library that exposes only the `fromJSON` factory method. Most applications configure and initialise their toggles on the server side and only need basic functionality on the client side. If you require the full library on the client-side, you can read about [Webpack Bundling](docs/features/WEBPACK_BUNDLING.md)

# API

see the [API docs](#api). (coming soon)
